he took with the mission two cgt to five
gas grenades more useful recipe good since
you know after leaving the team
of box travers we call the extraction
in which we already have it and he tells us that
there is a rocking hunter that is
circulating around the city ​​and we have
to be grabbing a few grenades
is hanging around the city and goes from
northwest to the airport and we have
that being fast too well already marked
on the radar the trail
hz gas grenades bz so let's go
fast let's go now any any
vehicle of preference you already know a
bit fast
so as not to waste a lot of time
unlike the car or the vehicle
when we steal the carbines in the mode
used this vehicle was super fast
really super super fast this vehicle
it's a truck and it's a little bit slower
that's the advantage does not go that fast
but just as preferably I am a
fast vehicle so that the reach is
also quickly well we are already in
the avenue on the highway in which
this truck is coming
comes to us so we have to
intercept it
and I'm going against it but as you see
there is so much problem
well it's already very close very close too
let's do this in half an hour if
because it's easy too there's no time no
asks for time only asks for one thing that
now he is going to heal boy is coming
I'm going to stop a little bit later
to do as a block
ok here I'm going to leave this vehicle and
now I'm going to grab another vehicle and like
I told you seized a weapon a water that
It will be very useful to try these
good grenades
we already have a vehicle ready now
let's put this more here in front
also from this this cold
Ok, It's right
and now I'm going behind the field of
boxcar and I will activate the skill
franklin special and I will shoot in
the doors
this requirement for 100% you have to
shoot until the back doors
open up as discounted I'm
organizing the time for the car
do not move so fast because normally
it also advances fast
well he opened the doors and now yes
let's roll what are the grenades
no michael no no no you still do not have
that you go in the link well now yes ya
we have the grenades and now if we
we escape
dies in the same vehicle
we have a search star but the
cops is right behind us and he
they have activated two stars, you are not
look for are activated when you are able to
the police or are not very close when
she is very close to three layers
activate one more star that's why there's already
two star search finally we have
that evade us as three accounts are re
Jews give anger these pinches cops
but well let's do it let's go
try to escape fast
well the important thing is that the circle the
red already disappear that would be the most
important because we are very very
visible well we have already separated and we do not
they have removed and they have taken our sight
again good already disappeared again
and now what we have to do
it is simply not to come across the
polis and just no longer in front so I'm going
to escape here because there is a
rise because we go ahead
right and arribita I will go up here
and I will try to go to the santones
customs or near there so that I do not
reach the procredit poly is a
a little bit away but they can still
capture truth
I'm going to get in the alley cited in
that alley
and we 're done and we've lost the cops
Now we have to go to the factory
textile for
leave
the gas grenades that are going to be very
tools
for the assault of the jewelry
it's not useful as you already know bats well
as you realize the only thing the only
problem is the police those are the
unique and only impediment that we have
to go for the mission although it's
impossible for me is relatively easy
because you have to be simply
shoot at the rear doors for
that these are opened and in this way
vote or throw the bombs for the
gas grenades
but that you do have to use the bible
franklin's special we lose the
Michael's ability to be
the time while you shoot yes
well then now we go to
good factory is easy
with that we would already be concluding the
the mini missions that lester asks us
for preparations to the assault on jewelry
in this case they were two in subtle mode
were two teams needed in the mode
sado was the only one home
carbines anything else if you want to see the
flavor mode is the video in the
description of the video in the excretion
this video if you can not also see it in
the playlist
well now good here no no no no
park any vehicle
is in front do not come forward if it is not
in the same building the factory is in
the same factory
the accounts is simple truth is not so
complicated good now yes to upload
is in the briefcase with the grenades of
gas or the numbing gas and let's leave
these grenades from this briefcase in the
estuary office
well not the year without doing in the
contiguous room
let's drop the briefcase and
we are automatically dialing
lester to tell him that we already have the
team
well and everything is ready for the others
seven videos from across